This Evaluation Agreement (“Agreement”) is a legal agreement between 
you (the “User”) and Global Graphics Software Limited, with a 
registered office at Building 2030, Cambourne Business Park, 
Cambourne, Cambridge CB23 6DW (“Global Graphics”).  This Agreement 
sets out the terms upon which the Software is licensed to the User. 
The User must only install and use the Software in accordance with the 
terms and conditions of this Agreement. The User is responsible for 
the installation of the Software and installation must be performed in 
accordance with the terms of the documentation accompanying the 
Software.  By installing, loading, copying, storing or otherwise using 
the Software, the User agrees to be bound by the terms and conditions 
of this Agreement. If the User does not wish to be bound by the terms 
and conditions of this Agreement the User should not install, load, 
copy, store or otherwise use the Software in any circumstances. 

1. Definitions

“Software” means a standard version of those Global Graphics’ Mako 
Core in object code format, source code format or any other 
appropriate format, including without limitation any related materials 
and documentation accompanying the Software and any updates to the 
Software (if any) provided hereunder by Global Graphics.

2. License Grant

(a) Global Graphics grants to the User, at no charge, a 
non-exclusive, non-transferable licence to use the Software solely for 
internal testing and evaluation purposes and only in accordance with 
the terms of this Agreement.

(b) Except as expressly stated herein, the User shall not, distribute, 
sublicense, sell, display, assign or otherwise transfer the Software.  
The User may make one (1) copy of the Software, including any related 
materials, only for archival and back-up purposes.  The Software may 
not be modified, decompiled, disassembled or otherwise reverse 
engineered, except and only to the extent that such activity is 
expressly permitted by applicable law notwithstanding this limitation.

(c) No title to or ownership of the Software is transferred to the 
User.  All right, title to, and interest in the Software, and any 
other materials or information provided by Global Graphics hereunder, 
and any modifications and derivatives thereof, including rights in 
patents, trademarks, trade secrets, copyrights or other proprietary 
rights shall remain in Global Graphics and/or any third party from 
whom Global Graphics has acquired licence rights.

3. Installation, Use and Evaluation

(a) The User is responsible for installing the Software and any 
updates Global Graphics may provide to the User under this Agreement.  
The User is responsible for all equipment, services, facilities, and 
personnel that are necessary for the User to use, test and evaluate 
the Software.

(b) The User may, at its option, provide Global Graphics with test 
results and feedback on its opinion and evaluation of the Software 
detailing any problems encountered, deficiencies noted, and 
recommendations.  Such communications may be given in writing or by 
electronic mail, as mutually agreed by the parties.

(c) All reports, test results, and other feedback provided to Global 
Graphics shall be the property of the User, however, the User grants 
to Global Graphics a royalty free, perpetual license to use any 
reports, test results and feedback for any purpose without 
restriction.  The User may use these reports, test results and 
feedback for internal purposes only, and may not communicate any of 
their contents or any opinions concerning the Software to any third 
party, without the prior written permission of Global Graphics.

4. Confidentiality

The User acknowledges that the Software, whether in source code, 
object code, generic code or other code form is Global Graphics 
Confidential Information, and the User agrees to keep confidential and 
not to disclose the Software, in any form, to any other person or 
entity or to allow any other person or entity to copy or view such 
Software.

5. Disclaimer of Warranty and Limitation of Liability

THE USER ACKNOWLEDGES THAT THE SOFTWARE IS LOANED TO THE USER “AS-IS”, 
THAT THE SOFTWARE MAY CONTAIN DEFECTS, AND THAT GLOBAL GRAPHICS MAKES 
NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTY REGARDING ITS USE OR PERFORMANCE.  
GLOBAL GRAPHICS DISCLAIMS ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES INCLUDING, BUT NOT 
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF SATISFACTORY QUALITY, 
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. 
GLOBAL GRAPHICS SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES RESULTING FROM THE 
USER’S USE OR POSSESSION OF THE SOFTWARE, INCLUDING LOSS OF DATA, LOSS 
OF USE, AND LOST PROFITS.  IN NO EVENT SHALL GLOBAL GRAPHICS BE LIABLE 
FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, EVEN 
IF GLOBAL GRAPHICS HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

6. Termination

(a) The term of this Agreement shall be for a period of thirty (30) 
days from the date of activation of the Software by the User, unless 
otherwise terminated as provided herein.  Global Graphics may 
terminate this Agreement immediately if the User takes any action in 
derogation of Global Graphics rights hereunder.

(b) Upon expiration or termination of this Agreement the User shall 
immediately either return to Global Graphics, or erase or destroy, the 
Software and any written proprietary information furnished to the 
User, and any copies of any of the foregoing whether in electronic, 
written, machine-readable, or other form.  The User shall certify in 
writing to Global Graphics that it has returned, erased or destroyed 
the foregoing.

(c) Sections 2 (c), 3(c), 4 and 5 will survive termination of this 
Agreement.

7. Entire Agreement

This Agreement supersedes all prior agreements between the parties 
whether written or oral concerning the subject matter herein and may 
not be amended or modified except by written consent of both parties.

8. Governing Law

This Agreement is governed in all respects by the laws of England, and 
by entering into this Agreement, the parties hereby submit to the 
exclusive jurisdiction of the Courts of England.

9. Data Protection.

Global Graphics will need to obtain an email address from the User, as 
well as any other information relevant to this evaluation, in order to 
provide the User with an evaluation product key. Global Graphics may 
use this email address, and any other relevant information, to follow 
up with the User from time to  time to discuss the progress of the 
User’s evaluation. Global Graphics will not use your email address, or 
any other information we obtain from you pursuant to this evaluation, 
for any other purpose.  Global Graphics will store your email address, 
and any other information that may be relevant to this evaluation, 
securely and shall comply with its obligations under applicable data 
protection and privacy laws

At any time you may request that Global Graphics does not contact you 
any further and deletes your email address by emailing 
privacy-information@globalgraphics.com

If you have any questions/comments about privacy, you should email 
privacy-information@globalgraphics.com.